README.md, before:

# Plugwise-2-py #

Homey app to connect plugwise circles via [Plugwise-2-py]. This tool, developed
by [Seven Watt], can be used as an alternative for Plugwise Source. It runs on
all devices that support python, such as your NAS or a raspberry pi.

### Setting it up: ###
It can be a bit of a challenge to setup the [Plugwise-2-py] tool up if you are
not really into python or linux. A manual for setting it up on a rpi is provided
on [Plugwise-2-py].

After setting up Plugwise-2-py you can configure Homey to connect to it. some of
the base settings should however always be done within Plugwise-2-py, such as:
* Enable 10-seconds monitoring: this should be enabled
* Enable logging form Circle internal metering buffers: this should be enabled
* Log interval: I advise to set this to 60 minutes
* Schedules: can be used to switch a circle to powersaving mode automatically
* Always on: enable this for circles that must not be switchable from Homey
* Production: enable this for circles that measure production (e.g. solar panel)

Circles are added through the Devices tab of Homey.

### Homey functionality ###
Device Card in browser and on mobile app:
* Switch on or off
* See real-time power usage (Watts, 8 seconds average)
* See total power meter of circle (kWh)

Insights:
* Switched on or off
* Power usage (W, production is negative Watts)
* Power meter (kWh)

Trigger Flow Cards:
* Switched on or off
* Power usage change
* Power meter change

Condition Flow Cards:
* Switched on or off

Action Flow Cards:
* Switch on or off
* Toggle on or off


##### Donate: #####

If you like the app you can show your appreciation by posting it in the [forum],
and if you really like it you can donate. Feature requests can also be placed on
the forum.

[![Paypal donate][pp-donate-image]][pp-donate-link]


===============================================================================

Version changelog
```
v1.0.1  2017.02.27 MQTT client updated to v2.4.0. Small bug fix.
v1.0.0  2016.12.04 MQTT client updated to v2.1.3. Minor code changes.
v0.0.3  2016.10.18 Remove 0 readings after app start. Code cleanup.
v0.0.2  2016.10.10 fix Unexpected end of input' crash
v0.0.1  2016.09.30 Initial release
```

[plugwise-2-py]: https://github.com/SevenW/Plugwise-2-py
[Seven Watt]: https://github.com/SevenW
[forum]: https://forum.athom.com/discussion/1998
[pp-donate-link]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=VLB7J3MQLVT2G
[pp-donate-image]: https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif

Commit message:

v1.1.0 2017.07.04 MQTT updated to v2.9.0. Code cleanup, bug fixes.
v1.1.0 2017.07.04 MQTT client updated to v2.9.0. Code cleanup and bug
fixes.

README.md, after:

# Plugwise-2-py #

Homey app to connect plugwise circles via [Plugwise-2-py]. This tool, developed
by [Seven Watt], can be used as an alternative for Plugwise Source. It runs on
all devices that support python, such as your NAS or a raspberry pi.

### Setting it up: ###
A manual for setting it up on a rpi is provided on [Plugwise-2-py].

After setting up Plugwise-2-py you can configure Homey to connect to it. some of
the base settings should however always be done within Plugwise-2-py, such as:
* Enable 10-seconds monitoring: this should be enabled
* Enable logging form Circle internal metering buffers: this should be enabled
* Log interval: I advise to set this to 60 minutes
* Schedules: can be used to switch a circle to powersaving mode automatically
* Always on: enable this for circles that must not be switchable from Homey
* Production: enable this for circles that measure production (e.g. solar panel)

Circles are added through the Devices tab of Homey.

### Homey functionality ###
Device Card in browser and on mobile app:
* Switch on or off
* See real-time power usage (Watts, 8 seconds average)
* See total power meter of circle (kWh)

Insights:
* Switched on or off
* Power usage (W, production is negative Watts)
* Power meter (kWh)

Trigger Flow Cards:
* Switched on or off
* Power usage change
* Power meter change

Condition Flow Cards:
* Switched on or off

Action Flow Cards:
* Switch on or off
* Toggle on or off


##### Donate: #####

If you like the app you can show your appreciation by posting it in the [forum],
and if you really like it you can donate. Feature requests can also be placed on
the forum.

[![Paypal donate][pp-donate-image]][pp-donate-link]


===============================================================================

Version changelog
```
v1.1.0	2017.07.04 MQTT client updated to v2.9.0. Code cleanup and bug fixes.
v1.0.1  2017.02.27 MQTT client updated to v2.4.0. Small bug fix.
v1.0.0  2016.12.04 MQTT client updated to v2.1.3. Minor code changes.
v0.0.3  2016.10.18 Remove 0 readings after app start. Code cleanup.
v0.0.2  2016.10.10 fix Unexpected end of input' crash
v0.0.1  2016.09.30 Initial release
```

[plugwise-2-py]: https://github.com/SevenW/Plugwise-2-py
[Seven Watt]: https://github.com/SevenW
[forum]: https://forum.athom.com/discussion/1998
[pp-donate-link]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=VLB7J3MQLVT2G
[pp-donate-image]: https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif
